__Table 8.__ Optimized weight parameters for DB2 from input workbooks where expression values were missing (“missing”) versus input workbooks where the missing values were replaced by the average value for that gene and timepoint (“no missing”) when the alpha value was 0.002 or 0.02. Dark blue cells correspond to the largest magnitude negative weights, and dark red cells correspond to largest magnitude positive weights. White cells correspond to a weight value close to zero. “Absolute difference” is the absolute value of the difference between the weights for “missing” values and “no missing” values for alpha of 0.002 and 0.02. The rank for each alpha was determined by sorting the weights based on absolute difference. A small rank corresponds to a small absolute difference.

__Table 9.__ Optimized production rates for DB2 from input workbooks where expression values were missing (“missing”) versus input workbooks where the missing values were replaced by the average value for that gene and timepoint (“no missing”) when the alpha value was 0.002 as compared to an alpha value of 0.02. “Absolute difference” is the absolute value of the difference between the production rates for “missing” values and “no missing” values for alpha of 0.002 and 0.02. Cells with darker green indicate a larger difference in magnitude and lighter green indicates a smaller difference in magnitude.

__Table 10.__ Optimized threshold b values for DB2 from input workbooks where expression values were missing (“missing”) versus input workbooks where the missing values were replaced by the average value for that gene and timepoint (“no missing”) when the alpha value was 0.002 as compared to an alpha value of 0.02. “Absolute difference” is the absolute value of the difference between the production rates for “missing” values and “no missing” values for alpha of 0.002 and 0.02. Cells with darker green indicate a larger difference in magnitude and lighter green indicates a smaller difference in magnitude.

All data is in this summary file, with a new sheet for each of the parameters (weights, p, and b). The data was compiled from the output files. The raw input and output files are in the Appendix folder [here](https://github.com/kdahlquist/DahlquistLab/tree/7f75015e151008a89812dd3206fedb51068ff07c/data/Spring2026/Thesis/Appendix/Fig%203).
