data/Fall2024/Network Motif Comparison - 3 gene, 4 node networks/readme.md, before:

3 gene, 4 node networks based on all possible connected network motifs
- files were renamed once all possible networks had been run: 
- NC trial 1 is "regulating mutual"
- NC trial 2 is "mutual out 2"
- NC trial 3 is "FBL" feedback loop
- NC trial 4 is "mutual in 2"
- NC trial 5 is "mutual in 1" 
- NC trial 6 is "FFL3" feed-forward loop (isomorph with trial 16). On 9/9/25, NC looked at the forward simulation input file and found that there is an extra edge, gene1 was also autoregulating to make 5 edges.  Likely can delete this trial because it was an isomorph with trial 16, and replace it with the network that is missing.
- NC trial 7 is "mutual out 1"
- NC trial 8 is "mutual cascade"
- NC trial 9 is "regulated mutual"
- NC trial 10 is "bimutual"
- NC trial 11 is "FFL1"
- NC trial 12 is "2.1"
- NC trial 13 is "2.2" 
- NC trial 14 is "2.3"
- NC trial 15 is "2.4"
- NC trial 16 is "2.5" (isomorph with trial 6)
- NC trial 17 is "2.6"
- NC trial 18 is "2.7"
- NC trial 19 is "2.8"
- NC trial 20 is "2.9"
- NC trial 21 is "2.10"
- NC trial 22 is new trial being run (9/16) that was originally missing from the first set of runs

Commit message:

Update results for forward sim of trial 6

data/Fall2024/Network Motif Comparison - 3 gene, 4 node networks/readme.md, after:

3 gene, 4 node networks based on all possible connected network motifs
- files were renamed once all possible networks had been run: 
- NC trial 1 is "regulating mutual"
- NC trial 2 is "mutual out 2"
- NC trial 3 is "FBL" feedback loop
- NC trial 4 is "mutual in 2"
- NC trial 5 is "mutual in 1" 
- NC trial 6 is "FFL3" feed-forward loop (isomorph with trial 16). On 9/9/25, NC looked at the forward simulation input file and found that there is an extra edge in the network_weights sheet, gene1 was also autoregulating to make 5 edges.  On 9/16/25, NC found that re-running the forward simulation with this edge deleted gave identical results, so the information from the network_weights sheet wasn't being used. However, the new files from the second run replaced the old files in the folder.
- NC trial 7 is "mutual out 1"
- NC trial 8 is "mutual cascade"
- NC trial 9 is "regulated mutual"
- NC trial 10 is "bimutual"
- NC trial 11 is "FFL1"
- NC trial 12 is "2.1"
- NC trial 13 is "2.2" 
- NC trial 14 is "2.3"
- NC trial 15 is "2.4"
- NC trial 16 is "2.5" (isomorph with trial 6)
- NC trial 17 is "2.6"
- NC trial 18 is "2.7"
- NC trial 19 is "2.8"
- NC trial 20 is "2.9"
- NC trial 21 is "2.10"
- NC trial 22 is new trial being run (9/16) that was originally missing from the first set of runs
